Welcome back.
In the last couple of video, we got a lot of things configured in the back very quickly since we have
the knowledge of all the basics.
Now let's try to run our Web backbone and see how things are looking for us.
Now, if I just open up the package or this and you can see that I already have the script added.
So we have the base script as well as this script.
Now we are just going to be running our script and see if things are working expected.
And if not, let's see how we can be fixing it.
So I see we had a NPM run build.
So let's give that a run and things don't seem to work as expected.
Now the problem seems to be in the index dogs file and specifically is not able to load something.
So if you see or here, it's really exactly at this point where it's trying to load this browser order.
Now if you remember, the browser output is basically a react component.
Now React components are generally written in gsx and this is not really understood by the pack.
So they do not know how to be compiling these files.
So for that reason, we need to be adding another loader that has debatable loader and we need to be
adding some special configuration just for React DNS.
So let's see how that can be added.
Let's go back to our pack configuration file.
Let me make this smaller so we have space to work with.
And we need to be going to the module section where we are now loaders.
We already have couple of loaders added here.
And let's add the new loader right here.
Okay.
So what are we trying to test here?
So we are going to be trying to test the Gsx as well as the files.
So let's write the regular expression for that.
So in here I can mention it as DOT and then we can say yes or gsx and then hit all the same.
Okay.
So this is the first part where we are testing.
The second part, we need to be specifying all headers, which all places should our loader be trying
to find this particular file.
So that can be added by writing includes.
So I would say includes.
And we all here will say port dot resolve and then we need to be going to the directory name, comma,
SRT.
And this is the folder where we are trying to be searching all this gas and the gsx files.
So basically if we come here, this is our entire field where all our application code lives.
Okay, so that looks good.
Now, we also need to specify another configuration which we don't want our Webpack to be handling,
and that is specifically B Node.js.
Now, if I remember Node.js, we have a lot of JavaScript added, so we need to make sure that our Webpack
does not go and start scanning all those modules.
Right?
So we can just put up or here as excludes, exclude and in here we'll save part dot resolve and it discord
called directory name comma.
And then in here we will say again node underscore modules.
Okay, so that looks good.
Now finally firing the loaders.
Now, instead of adding the array of loaders, we are going to be adding just one single loader and
this loader is going to be in the type object.
Now we are specifying it as an object because there are a lot of configurations that we need to be passing
it internally for it to work.
So first of all, we need to be specifying what loader are we using.
So this loaders called us Babel loader.
And then we need to also pass in some configuration starter options.
And this is again an object.
So we are passing a couple of options to this.
We will order and within this options we need to be using the property called presets.
So there's presets and this is going to be of and type A2.
Now in this area we need to be passing couple of presets.
So the first preset is going to be of type A-D.
And in this we are going to be seeing at Bible Slash.
Preset Dash and V.
So that's the first preset that we're passing now.
The second thing that we need to be passing, all we had is an object.
So this is going to be as target.
And in the target we need to be passing in default.
So this might look a little bit confusing, but this is the kind of setup that is required when you're
doing the table loader configuration.
Okay.
So this is our area within which we specified this be able present.
Within that we have another object which is the target default.
Okay.
So after this area, we also need another preset to be added.
And this preset is specifically for React.
So we'll say again, that'd be able and then we put up a slash and in here we say type in preset as
a react.
Okay.
So I know this Lauder does not seem very easy to use, but once you have this configuration done, you
do not really need to be making changes again and again.
So just follow along and things should work as expected.
Okay, so this is the baby loader.
Now let's try to hit our pack configuration for another time.
So let me just clear off my console and say NPM, run, build.
Let's give there a second and we see that we have some errors.
So let's try to fix this arrows that we have here.
Let me make this big.
Okay?
So if we try to read our error message, you can see that it's saying that there's error in the configuration
module is a rules of zero.
So that is basically the first rule and obviously it is our base load rule.
Now let's try to debug for then see what's the problem here.
Now in the rules zero they think that it's the unknown property called includes so devalued property
is one of these so instead of includes it should be just include.
So that's the error that I made here.
So this should be as include and this should be as exclude.
So let's try to conclude of this and try to run it once again.
And this time we see that things are working, but we still see an error that is again in this module
build failed and index start.
So let's try to figure out what's the problem here.
Now in here, it says that the preset aeon we target is not a valid top level option.
So basically it's complaining about this one right here.
So this one should not be target and actually this should be as target.
So, again, my fault.
So let's just save that, clear the console and try to run it once again.
Okay.
So this time the error is quite easy to solve.
So as you can see, you forgot to add the minister.
So this tells you exactly what to be doing.
So if you just see our plugins section, that's right here.
Now in the plugin section, we are needing to add the mini csa's extract plugin.
So again, can just see mini access extract plugin.
And that's pretty much it.
So I can just format my file and try to run it for the third time and hopefully things should work as
expected this time.
And in fact, we do see that we got Diva back as compiled the things properly, successfully.
And if you just explore our dist folder, we can see that all the images have been copied.
Over here we have the index HTML and also the mean dart bundle dodges.
Now this is one final small thing that are led to idea.
That is the optimization as well.
So if I just go to the bottom, so just before closing this off and if I just make the smaller we can
just add and enter here and we can add the optimisation section as well.
So I put an optimisation.
And this is going to be of the type object.
And as we learnt we have an inbuilt optimisation that is displayed junk.
So we are going to be using just that.
So this is called as split chunks.
And in help you pass in another object.
And this is going to be taking a property called as chunks.
And or here we specify all.
So that's it.
Now, if I just try to run my build once again.
So let me clear this off and PM brand build.
Okay.
So we have compiled it successfully once again, but this time we see that we have this optimized vendor
bundle, which is pretty good.
Okay, so that looks good.
Let me just clear off the console and this time will be running the appearance of.
So let me put an NPM run serve.
Let's give it a try and see if things are working.
And as we see that, there are a couple of issues in the order of severe conflagration.
So let's quickly fix that as well.
So he's basically saying that you cannot have this properties of unknown property of Bolt is added over
here.
Well, that's because I added it in the wrong place, so it should not be within this static object.
Rather, you should be taking this out and putting it right here.
Okay.
So let me just format that and I do it on my way back deficit once again by saying parents of.
So this time we in fact see that our browser opens up and we have the application running on Port 9000.
So congratulations, you have actually built an API React application using the Webpack configurations.
Now there were a couple of issues that we faced and we also saw how to be debugging diva back file and
how to make sure that things work as expected.
Now, if I just click on the sign in button and let's see if our routing is working as well.
So let me just click on sign in.
Okay, so that looks good.
If I just click on Sidenote, we can see that we back on the sign in page and this is basically our
application that we had created.
So that's about how you're going to be building that basic React application.
Let's take a short break and let's see what other optimization we can be doing in our React application.